if I told you about her the princess
without voice what would I say
[Music]
she Depp
she can hear you you clean that lab to
get out this may very well be the most
sensitive assets ever to be housed in
this facility you may think that thing
looks human stands on two legs right but
we're created in the origin you don't
think that's what the Lord looks like me
this creature is intelligent capable of
language of understanding emotions
[Music]
when he looked at me he doesn't know how
I am incomplete he sees me as I was
anybody but the natives in the Amazon
worship this oh my god get him out what
you talking about you need to take it
apart learn how I don't want an
intricate beautiful thing destroyed we
could do not I'm sorry don't teach it
the lapis what if these guys do this
if I told you about her what would I say
I wonder
[Music]